--- 1 er enter
Humans are here for invasion purposes but some might just come for the view. Each encounter is different, so stay open-minded. These ones seem nice, uh? Let’s discuss with them.

I just click on a speech bubble and now I’m speaking to you! Can you do the same?
What are you talking about? Speech bubbles? That must be a monster thing.
No no, that is just the game interface
This may be a game for you but we are not joking around, we have an invasion cooking
I don’t know how you’re planning an invasion but my granny cooked us an apple pie for the trip, do you want some ?


--- leaving 1er
I’m sorry for your grandma, but I’m not sure her apple pie has anything to do with the fact that these humans were so friendly. If I take a wild guess here, I think it’s because this *cheveux* human really appreciated your *mutation*. Maybe you should take the habit to talk more with that kind of humans!

--- 2eme 
We might have been lucky with those trigger happy human. Better remain cautious.

Wow that’s a tough one, you can try to talk with them but they sure are not the sharpest tool in the shed, show your brightest smile, it might scare them.
How dare you attack us? We are monsters! You soft pink human beings should be terrified of us - especially because you don’t even have the “Scare” ability on your set of actions!
Your magic jibber jabber and your spell formulas made me fail my attack, but I swear that’s all it’s gonna do!
When human are scared, they scream like little witches and will eventually fail their attack
You attacked us again! How rude! I’m gonna call my big cousins, they will attack you and steal all your snacks, mean humans!
Steal snacks? Mean humans? Were you even trying? These guys will never fear us nor discuss anymore. They’ll just attack us starting now, that’s for sure.
Okay, let’s jump over our quiet stoicism and beat the crap out of these humans!
Actually, maybe it’s a good time to be stoic again ; like “let’s abandon the sinking ship and save our butt by running as fast as we can” stoicism.

Phew, that was close…

