Come on guys, how rude! I didn’t even finish my story! Come back!
Ok, I got you again, fine. Let me finish then. It’s important, you know.

Hello, noble monsters! Let me tell you the incredible tale of the Monster and the Human.
The Monster was living a happy life, singing, dancing, eating stuff and enjoying himself as if there was no tomorrow.
He had all kind of funny hobbies, and the only thing he knew about was pure pleasure and enjoyment. In one word, he was a happy-go-lucky asshole.
Yet, one day, Humans opened a gigantic magic portal, joining their world with Monster World. The Human went through it and arrived near the Monster.
At first, the Monster was pissed. The Human seemed to know better about life, the universe and everything.
The Monster thought that the Human was only here to make unfriendly criticisms and mock his songs.
The Monster finally got used to the Human. He didn’t like him, but at least it was alright. The Human did his stuff and the Monster continued enjoying himself and being slothy as Hell.
And then, winter came. The Monster was screwed. He was surely going to die - like a lot of people do when winter is coming, so I’ve  heard.
But while the Monster was playing, singing his hippie songs and scratching his armpits like a baboon, the Human brought civilization to Monster World. He had farms, rice fields and even an entire supermarket chain set all over the place.
So, the Monster decided to take it upon himself and to go beg the Human to feed him through the winter.
The Human, who worked so hard while the Monster was obviously touching his balls, was a bit pissed.
Some may even say he was gargling with power of life and death over him, but those who say that usually are just jealous.
But the Human was magnanimous, because Humans are awesome in every situation.
So he magnanimously gave some food to the Monster, and tried to explain him the joyful experience of capitalize on his world’s resources so he would do the same before next winter.
The Monster ate all the food very quickly, and then poke back the Human to have some more.
The Human decided to give him just a little food day by day, so the Monster would survive through the winter and then be liable for the rest of his life.
It worked, the Monster survived, and he was no longer able to live without the Human who fed him so nicely because he was such an incompetent individual.
And they lived happily ever after.
I hope you understand the moral of this tale. Because you need us in order to survive. Because you’re unfit and helpless. But it’s not your fault.
And we’re here to help you, and maybe - just maybe - exploit your world for our own sake. But nicely, I swear.
Thanks for listening. I’ll be glad now to leave and narrate this amazing story to every monster I’ll meet until you chickpeas-brain creatures get it all. We are full of love, true story. Have a nice day!
