-------- Normal Talk ---------
Hello monster-things! Do you know where we can find a good gelato? Your sun is as hot as Satan's butt.
Hi! We don't want to sound like intruders, but do you know the shortest way to invade your capital? It's for... my uncle. He's just curious.
Oh dear Lord! Monsters! For real! That's amazing yet disgusting yet incredible yet I may puke if they get any closer!
Howdy! We are just a bunch of nice human beings on a trip to your wonderful Monster World, and we were wondering: would you agree to take a selfie with us but not too close so we don't have to be physically in contact?
Hey! You know, humans and monsters have a lot in common. For example, we are monstruous. I have a third nipple under my foot, so we're basically the  same.
Hello world!
Hi! It's nice here but you need to open more gifts shops. A lot of humans are coming your way, so hurry up, money won't wait!
You have a beautiful countryside... It reminds me of the house I grew up, except the only monster over there was my stepbrother.
You know, we just made a magnificent rolling of the initiative dice, so we are in a good mood. Let's discuss a bit, okay?
I'm sure it would be easy for us to beat the crap out of you, but there would be no challenge, so let's chat instead. At least it should be harder because we need to overcome the smell.
OMG I sooooo love your chara-design! Do you know by any chance if we can stop by somewhere to buy some goodies?
Okay monster, this may sound strange, but I really want to touch you. I can't help it but to make a bet on what your texture is... My money's on squeeshy-splorchy.
Hello monster! May we ask what you're doing in the Human World? Because it is now, ICYMI.
Hey, creature! Do you know the joke with the monsters crossing paths with humans and right after that monsters are dead and humans are rich because they sell monsters' body parts on the black market?
Hello, living things! Are you aware of the fact that you're completely naked and that it is a sin? Guess what? The Evil Lord will come for you!
Hello, autochtonous population! Can you indicate us the weak points of your capital's defense, by any chance? It's because we want to help you reinforce it, I swear.
Monsters! We were wondering... Are you irradiated? Because the sun in his world seems even more agressive than our own invasion - which is pretty hardcore already.
Hello, strange-bodied creatures! It's almost tea time. Care to join us? It might be fun!
Hello, have you any quest for us ? We are currently farming experience.
Hi, we are doing a pacifist run so please don't bite us, we won't be able to fight back.
Hello monsters! We're representing a very famous gastronomy guide and we're looking for good places to lunch. Any specialties around here?

-------- Reussite Attaque  ---------
Gnagnagna, gnagnagna...
I'm gonna crush your skull even though I'm not even sure you have one!
I don't understand this jibber jabber of yours, doomed creature! You're only spitting your disgusting saliva all over my very expensive outfit, which is actually pretty annoying.
I wish you were dead already, but it would be a shame because I wouldn't be able to kill you myself. Such a dilemma.
I hate you monsters! I wish there was not so many of you on the Monster World!
You're so ugly cutting your head off would be a favor to every creature with eyes!

-------- Echec Attaque  ---------
I slipt on a shoelace and it wasn't even mine!
I don't hear you nananananana I stucked my fingers in my ears!
Your head should be banned, that clearly is a cheat. How could i focus on my attack ?!
You're so talkative it's distracting me, hideous creature!
I can fail one attack a million time ... a million attack one time ... wait 
Nooo, you're lying, I didn't miss, you obviously are supporting the monsters.

--------  Fuite  ---------
I want to go back to Kansas, Toto!
It is so hard to run dressed like this!
RNG is against us!
Let's farm more experience points then try again, pals!
The slower runner should sacrifice himself and that is not gonna be me!
Please guys, let's pretend it was raining and I didn't pee my pants!


