-------- Normal Talk ---------
Come on, monster, we came a long way from here just for the loot... Not fair. Can't you give us a little something?
Well, you seem pretty cute for hideous creatures. Never judge a book by its cover I guess...
I seem to be able to understand the words coming out of your mouth, but how can I be sure that it has the same meaning as in my world? Maybe you were insulting my mother, how should I know?
You are very pushfull, you know. We have feelings too, you could take your time.
There is no way our King is lying to us, yet you don't seem unfriendly at all. Are you trying to trick us then eat us alive, by any chance?
We came here for loot, experience points and gold coins and we won't leave without. You have to understand, we need it in order to destroy your kingdom once and for all.
We can be friendly too, you know. For example: Hello, how do you do, disguting creature?
Don't assume you know us, okay? We may be deeper than you think. I read Oscar Wilde, bitch.
I wish we could be friends, dude... I do. In an other world, maybe, if you were not that repulsively ugly and did not smell like my grandpa's socks.
That's nice of you to be nice!
I don't want to talk about it. You don't know my life, okay?
Our names don't matter, because we were randomly generated and it would have been awfull to have to name all our combinations. Just please, be nice and don't call us random names just because we're random.
We are willing to trust you, but only if you give us money.
We are open to negociation, as long as it ends at our advantage.
It's weird you're friendly. You're monsters, you're supposed to be monstruous. I think it would make me more comfortable if you were more monstruous. Please do.
You know, I didn't even want to come here. Our King is a pain in the ass, he didn't give us much of a choice. 
How convenient that we speak the same language! It's almost like God wants us to exchange some good words before we violently kill one another!
It is nice to chat with you. I wouldn't have bet on it, but I guess the world is full of surprise - yours at least, because ours is not that weird and chatting with humans is actually a bummer.
I know a really nice monster, he used to live under my bed and taught me monster language. Well he also ate my mommy but that's an other story.
Don't you worry about the invasion, we are just tourist here. The real invasion is for later with thousand of non randomly generated soldiers.
I have the strangest feeling that nothing in our conversation makes sense because our sentences are randomly coming from pre-established pools but I truly enjoy it.

-------- Reussite Fear  ---------
I slipt on a shoelace and it wasn't even mine!
I don't hear you nananananana I stucked my fingers in my ears!
You're so talkative it's distracting me, hideous creature!
Your face should be banned, that clearly is a cheat. How could i focus on my attack ?!
I can fail one attack a million time ... a million attack one time ... wait 
Nooo, you're lying, I didn't miss, you obviously are supporting the monsters.
I'm not moving as fast as I should, but it's not at all related to me dirtying my pants.
I shooked because of cold, not fear!
You don't scare me. I missed because I wanted to.
Sorry for my teeth noise, I... I... I have a dentist appointment tomorrow.
I have a carpal tunnel syndrome, that's why I failed. I can't use a computer mouse for too long either.
Wait we can talk about it
I wasn't trying to attack you, don't get mad! I wanted to shake your hand to say hi!
You may have scared me a bit, but please, don't tell my friends...
My body seems heavier than usual. It must be because of that extra steak I had.
My weapon is out of use... it don't look broken but I swear it is
Can I go back in time and try to attack you again please?
I'm not shaking due to fear but because Don't Stop Me Now is earworming me since my arrival here. 
Your skin is slippery, that's why I failed. It has nothing to do with me.
I'm not a loser ontologically speaking just because I missed one time after you threaten me, you know...
My inventory is full, that's the only reason I couldn't move ! 
The sun was dazzling me... Have you seen how shiny this background is?!
I hope that this won't affect my experience points at the end of the battle...
That's right I was afraid, so what ?! 
If I admit you scared me, will you pretend to be injuried?
You have to admit that it was pretty brave of me to try to attack you even though I was frightened to the bones...
They never said "fighting monsters" was like... A real job.
Join up, they said! It's a man's life, they said!
That's it, I need a break. Can I borrow a lighter ? Do any of you breathe fire ? 
My coach always says that it doesn't matter if you lose as long as you've tried your best...
My eyes are full of tears... Manly tears.
I didn't come here to suffer, okay?!
I'm with you guys, I swear, that's why I didn't attack you. Please don't hurt me!
