I slipped on a shoelace and it wasn't even mine!
I don't hear you nananananana I stucked my fingers in my ears!
You're so talkative it's distracting me, hideous creature!
Your face should be banned, that clearly is a cheat. How could i focus on my attack?!
I can fail one attack a million time... A million attack one time... Wait...
Nooo, you're lying, I didn't miss, you obviously are supporting the monsters.
I'm not moving as fast as I should, but it's not at all related to me dirtying my pants.
I shook because of cold, not fear!
You don't scare me. I missed because I wanted to.
Sorry for my teeth noise, I... I... I have a dentist appointment tomorrow.
I have a carpal tunnel syndrome, that's why I failed. I can't use a computer mouse for too long either.
Wait, we can talk about it!
I wasn't trying to attack you, don't get mad! I wanted to shake your hand to say hi!
You may have scared me a bit, but please, don't tell my friends...
My body seems heavier than usual. It must be because of that extra steak I had.
My weapon is out of use... It don't look broken but I swear it is
Can I go back in time and try to attack you again please?
I'm not shaking due to fear but because Don't Stop Me Now is earworming me since my arrival here. 
Your skin is slippery, that's why I failed. It has nothing to do with me.
I'm not a loser ontologically speaking just because I missed one time after you threaten me, you know...
My inventory is full, that's the only reason I couldn't move! 
The sun was dazzling me... Have you seen how shiny this background is?!
I hope this won't affect my experience points at the end of the battle...
That's right I was afraid! So what?! 
If I admit you scared me, will you pretend to be injuried?
You have to admit that it was pretty brave of me to try to attack you even though I was frightened to the bones...
They never said "fighting monsters" was like... A real job.
Join up, they said! It's a man's life, they said!
That's it, I need a break. Can I borrow a lighter? Do any of you breathe fire? 
My coach always says that it doesn't matter if you lose as long as you've tried your best...
My eyes are full of tears... Manly tears.
I didn't come here to suffer, okay?!
I'm with you guys, I swear, that's why I didn't attack you. Please don't hurt me!







