-------- Normal Talk ---------
Hello... Is it me you're looking for?
We are pleased to welcome you ... pink thingy
Hi there! I've never seen you around here. First time?
Humans! How strange we bump into you like this! You know why? Because you don't belong to this world. Weird, isn't it?
Hi there! I've never seen you around here. First time?
Greetings stranger! What do you buyiiiiin?
Wazaaaaa?!
GLHF
So... You guys like farming ? Like wheat, oats, corn and stuff?
Hey! It's great to meet you here, we were just wondering about something: why humans are invading us? Maybe you could help us out with this.
Hello! How do you like Monster World so far? Enjoying your trip?
Hey! I've always wanted to meet humans in real life! How do you do?
You know, I have a good eye, and at a glance, I knew you were worth seeing.
Hello! Let me take a wild guess here: you're vampires with self-tanning cream on to blend in, right?
I always wondered why you humans keep on invading people since you got your ass beaten up every time. Got any clue?
Hello there! Not suffering too much from the Monster Sun? 
Yo humans! You're not one of those invaders, right? Else we're supposed not to be friendly, you know...
Hello there! Would you be kind enough to let us go without attacking us? We have important stuff to do, save the world, blablablah...
Oh, humans! It's the first time I see some! No, just joking. You're everywhere. It's annoying. Please be nice and just let us pass through.
Hello! Do you want to play a very popular game in Monster World? It's call "Don't bother us because we have important business to do such as sending you humans back to the world where you belong"!
Nice to see you again adventurers or maybe it wasn't you and you just happen to randomly generate the same way.
Wow human, so mainstream nowadays. Don't you want to try ZombieBite ? That's the new trend !
Hey! It's the first I meet monsters like you! No fur, no tails, no scales, no wings... You're terrifying, that's superb!

-------- Reussite Fear ---------
You better be scared, human, for I'm gonna kick your butt even if I don't have feet!
I expect you to spoil your pants when I'm around, so do it now before I get angry at you!
I'm gonna eat you, your sons, their sons, your parents, and every pink thing I'll find wearing your name until I'm sure nothing close to you ever sees the sunlight again. Plus you're ugly. 
The God of Hell Fire is going to unleash flames on you so each and every of your farts til now will burn your butt skin like bacon!
I will twist your nipples so hard it's gonna look like a pig tail for a thousand year at least.
I will remove your eye globes then put it on a stick, fry it, then fry it a second time, then eat it, then throw it up, then fry it again and make you swallow it and yell a thousand times how pleasant it was. Hope your stomach is as sharp as my toothpicks.
I will devour your soul, and you will never see it again! Wait, no, I guess you never saw it anyway. I will devour something else, then, something that you already have seen so you'll be able to remark it is missing afterwards.
Boo !
I wish I could smell you have cold sweats - not that I am some kind of sweatty armpits fetichist, eh, that would be digusting. What I am trying to say is that I really really want you to be all sweaty and - oh, come on, I don't know how to say it without sounding fucked up. I quit.
Look at how scary I am! I am scary! I am sooooo scary! I am so scary you're scared! 
I'm going to eat your face and not enjoy it because I'm vegetarian but do it anyway so you'll suffer a lot!
I may not be as scary as a Kojima version of Silent Hill, but I am pretty sure I'm in the top 3 of the scariest things you have ever seen, so please, be frightened.
Your mama is so ugly I'm sure I'm not the scariest thing you've seen, but I am scary enough!
I will remember your face, and I will hunt you til the day I die if you try anything against me or my friends, even though this one smells really bad.
My mum used to call me The Destroyer. I'm curious about how you're gonna call me after I beat the crap out of YOU.
I'm a bit of a prescient, and guess what I'm hearing right now? The delicious sound of your blood swamping the place. Or is it someone playing waterpolo? No, I'm pretty sure it's your blood. Wanna check it out with me?
Have you ever took the time to just stop by and enjoy the fly of a gracious bird? Well you should do it now, cause in about ten seconds I'm gonna swallow your eyeballs right from your eyesockets and all you'll be able to see is my digestive system then, forever, my poop.
Do you need a hand with something? Cause I was planning on eating yours if you don't disappear right now, so it might become true.
The only thing challenging your ugliness is your weakness. And your stinkiness. And your pinkiness. And the fact that you are absolutely disgusting even for someone who looks like me. You better leave now before someone tries to make you disappear in order to prevent children of being haunted by the souvenir of you being disgusting.
I'm all about passionate crimes. Annd you know what? I love you veeeeeery much.
From a very early age, I always have been talented to summon demons. I'm thinking real hard right now about showing you my skills. For example, I could summon the Devil of Toothpicks-stucked-under-the-fingernails. Or the Ghoul of Kicking-your-toe-against-furnitures. They are very friendly.
Your partner told me last night that I was a way better lay than you. Oh, and by the way, I have gonorrhoea.
I may not look terrifying like this, but I am actually able to spit mortal poison out of my entire body within a second. Wanna try me?
I'm just being friendly here, but if you keep on attacking me, you may die faster than you think, because my skin festers deadly substances. I would recommand you stop doing it and wash your hands before your next meal or touching your genitals.
I never had a chance to kill a human before, but I would be so happy to start with someone as unlikeable as you. I bet I would be making a great favour even to other human beings.
I always wondered how humans look like on the inside. I bet you're excited to allow me to improve my knowledge very soon.
If I use my ice magic over your genitals, I bet it would only take me a sneeze to make it explode in a thousand tiny sharp pieces. If I do it well, you even might be able to cut your feet on it.
My food regime is based on bone marrow. I'm sorry but I'll have to break every single bone of your body to make sure I survive. Don't take it personally.
I could kill you in a snap of fingers - it actually would probably be easier for me to kill you than to snap my fingers.
I wonder how many times I need to decapitate you before you die. Let's find out! I'm the curious type.
We're representing a very famous gastronomy guide and we're looking for good human to lunch. Any specialties among you?

-------- Fail Fear ---------
I may not be as scary as a Kojima version of Silent Hill, but I am pretty sure I'm in the top 3 of the scariest things you have ever seen, so please, be frightened.
I'm going to eat your face and not enjoy it because I'm vegetarian but do it anyway so you'll suffer a lot!
Look at how scary I am! I am scary! I am sooooo scary! I am so scary you're scared! 
I wish I could smell you have cold sweats - not that I am some kind of sweatty armpits fetichist, eh, that would be digusting. What I am trying to say is that I really really want you to be all sweaty and - oh, come on, I don't know how to say it without sounding fucked up. I quit.
Boo !
I will devour your soul, and you will never see it again! Wait, no, I guess you never saw it anyway. I will devour ssomething else, then, something that you already have seen so you'll be able to remark it is missing afterwards.

-------- Reussite Attaque ---------
You didn't see THAT coming with your ridiculous one-pixel eyes, eh?
You don't want to know what is happening next
Take that, you soft pinky thing!
I'll be the meteorite to your dinosaur, stupid big creature!
No sword needed to split your butt in pieces!
I'll kill you, I'll kill you, I'll kill you, I'll kill you, I'll kill you, I'LL KILL YOU!!!

-- Init discuss

Did you know that when it snows, my eyes become large?
Do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and Savior Yog-Sothoth? 
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise?
I think you're angry because it's been a long time since you have a great massage. I can help you with that, I'm incredible at it!
I don't want to set the world on fire... I just wanna start a flame in your heart!
Chill out, man... I'm sure we can figure something out peacefully, not involving you trying to beat us up.
I'm not sure it's a good idea to be so unfriendly. We don't want to attack you, we are just trying to shut down the Magic Portal and to send you back to were you belong - which is not here, by the way. No offense.
There must have been a misunderstanding here. We're not trying to attack you, we are being very friendly and nice and cute.
I have a lot of conversation, you know. I'd be happy to have a nice chat instead of a nice shot.
You are far from leveling up, no need to fight. We can be friends!
Don't you think it would more pleasant to begin by introducing ourselves?
I'm sorry I let my sword of Devil Monster Slaughtering of Evil at home, my child loves it. I have no loot for you
You humans are so belligerant. Don't you find our sun soothing warmness enjoyable? 
What do you think you will gain by beating us up like this? We have no gold coins here, nor potions and Phoenix' tails.
I understand why you're being so agressive! It's because we didn't offer you cookies! Would you like some? I baked it this morning right before leaving.
An old man asked you to bring boar fur ? That's my father, he's drunk all day and loves to play tricks on adventurers
Even though you seem able to hit hard, you look so funny and cute! Would you agree to take a selfie with me for my kids?
I was wondering... Where did you learn to fight like this? It's really impressive... Would you agree to teach me some of your moves if I promise not to use it against humans?
Wake me up, before you go-go!
Why every random encounter has to be a battle? Don't you ever ask yourself that question too?
You know, you and us are nothing but a bunch of sprites converted into voxels to allow a dynamic shadow system... We're basically the same, we shouldn't be fighting like this.
I find you very nervous. Maybe vacations would have been better in your own world, don't you think?
You remind me of that tale about a Chimaera having a thorne stucked in his paw and a little Skaven removing it without being afraid and they become best pals. Perhaps you just want me to check on your feet?
Sorry if we sent the wrong message but we actually are very nice monsters, you know? For example, I'm sure you never suspected that I'm great at tap dancing!
I wish the music was smoothier. I'm sure that's why you are getting all nervous and belligerant and stuff. 
We are pacifists, you know. That's how you call people who are not into butt-kicking and love to take the time to smell flowers.
If you designate a negociator among your team, we'll do the same. Together, they will be able to find a peaceful solution, and while they do that, we can all play dominos!
When I was a baby monster, my mother was telling me that if I didn't eat my monster porridge, the Big Bad Human was going to come and kill me. Now I may be starting to understand why she was saying that.
Loot is a myth. How do you think a bunch of dead monsters could turn into gold coins, dear?
If you hit me until I bleed, the only thing you'll win is a bunch of red stains over your clothes, you know?
We have ways to make you talk...







