-------- Reussite Talk ---------
I was gonna say the exact same thing! You and I are so alike!We are pleased to welcome you ... pink thingy
I love the sound of your voice. You remind me of my grandfather before he cut his own tongue to be sure not to taste my grandma's cooking ever again .
I'm not sure I know what you're talking about, but you sure sound quite friendly! I like it .
It sure is nice to meet friendly humans afterall. We heard a lot of stuff about you guys, and it wasn't really flattering .
You're kind! That's amazing! You're kind! Your kind is not kind but you are!
We don't want you to destroy our world, you know, but it's so hard to say no to someone as cute as you ...
We monsters have no clue at all about how humans work. It's hard to understand you when you disagree to talk to us, you know. We know you have feelings too, we just don't know which ones.
You're rude but at least you're not mute. It's sad that so little is enough to make me happy though.
I think we need to overcome our differences and find a way to agree on something. For example, pineapple on pizza is the worst, right?
I didn't think it would be so easy to discuss with you, because your sprite has no mouth, so it was confusing .
You drive a hard bargain but I think we could agree on something. You go your way, we go ours, and we never talk to each other again. Also I won't fart while we cross your path, I swear.
You don't have a lot of conversation, but at least you're trying, and I acknowledge your efforts. Want a biscuit?
Owwww your voice is adorable! You remind me of a small doll the Shadow Lord of Despair gave to my youngest for his 234th birthday!
Are you just being friendly because you haven't invented the atom bomb yet?
I get that you want to take over Monster World, but you're aware of the fact that detroying every soul crossing your path isn't exactly necessary, right? Basically, this bush over there might be considered as a civilian here. Hi Maurice, by the way!
Oh! So that's what we call being "passive-agressive"? It's the first time I see it myself! Fascinating...
It's incredible how threatening you can act even if you just have two arms and two legs. How confident of you!
You seem to have an interesting vision of the world. I wonder how you could do that so accurately with only one-pixel eyes...?
My human is a bit rusty, did you just say that I was a nice little Breton?
If I understand correctly, you're planning on destroying our world and stealing every resources of ours ? And yet you're stuck in this fight if I stop clicking those funny boxes.
You know, I've tried once to stand for humans during an argument with a bunch of friends and they replied that I should be a politician because all I was doing was lying to trick them. I hope you appreciate the risk I took.
